Refactor/3169 local builds (#3218)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: README.md

It isn't necessary to run the Meilisearch app to build the docs locally,
but if you don't, the search field doesn't appear in the sidebar.

1. To run the docs alone, clone this repository and install dependencies:

    ```bash
    cd docs
    npm install
    ```

> 2. (Optional) The site relies on numerous example files that it dynamically fetches from various locations. These example files are
> **not** required to run the site locally. Those sections will instead display a "**Heads up!** The file was not found"
> message. If you prefer to run the site with all example files retrieved, you will need to set a
> [GitHub token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) as `GITHUB_API_TOKEN` in your shell before proceeding to step 3. If you are using the GitHub cli
> tool, you can run the following in your shell so as not to include your token's value in your shell's history:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) The documentation website dynamically fetches example files from various locations.

You can run the site locally without retrieving those example files, keeping in mind that affected sections will display a `**Heads up!** The file was not found` message. To do so, jump to step 3.

To run the site with all example files retrieved, set a [GitHub token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) as `GITHUB_API_TOKEN` in your shell.
If you’re using the GitHub CLI tool, to avoid including your token’s value in your shell’s history, run the following command:

```

    ```bash
    export GITHUB_API_TOKEN=$(gh auth token)
    ```

> 3. Run the following to have node retrieve all the necessary example files (if applicable) and update the registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To have Node update the registry and retrieve all the necessary example files (if applicable), run the following command:

```

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

4. Then build the site:

    ```bash

>     hugo serve

Reviewer 2: @gilzow Does this work for you as documented?

If I do not have `GITHUB_API_TOKEN` set, I still need to mock the 

```
export GITHUB_WORKFLOW=true
```

environment variable for this to work.

Reviewer 2: We could add the below to `package.json` to relieve that requirement:

```json
  "scripts": {
    ...
    "serve": "export GITHUB_WORKFLOW=true && hugo serve"
}
```

```bash
npm run serve
```
